Elegant.
So as we saw in the preview one that we can connect I just be device.
Also we can connect some PC device some shade it busy some other device in our Hulst to the vitriol
machine actually.
But of course you shall take your phone when you use those option that's mean you connect a physical
device to a video machine.
You will start having problem draw the emotion the fault and the negotiation of the video machine from
house to another host this virtual machine would be out of do.
Dearest that's me.
We're not going to be migrated but then we're thought walking or read some specific device that will
be able to let your émigrés a virtual machine even it is connected to our physical device.
But this is the specific device that you can do it's like our shared device between two different and
tossed.
You use it directly to the virtual machine.
And when this virtual machine migrated from is I want to E-6 I do that is excite to also connect with
that device that Tardieu PC device.
So next we have the option.
We talk about this option before the virtual machine to name the config file.
Then do the working location then do get operating system.
That's me.
If you want to change the operation system or this machine machine you need to part of the new chals
option.
LEITHEAD then we have do VM where remote console option option will be available when you're out of
the virtual machine.
So that gives us look local to get operating system when the last remote user disconnected when the
last user disconnected from this virtual machine VM where remote control will be located.
That means one can't connect to this virtual machine.
A lot you want to make this much your machine out of service or any reason the maximum number of station
limits the number of Smoketown use connection to this virtual machine with 14.
That's me and use a Konkan next to this virtual machine.
If we see right here if we back on this virtual machine how the station right here it is connected through
the web browser.
Then if we try to open Troke our remote control like this one will take a little time to show in our
room.
So that is it.
So no we have to use it connected to the same material machine like this one.
Then if we go back for example and try to open another browser lash will console.
So no we have a tree user connected to the virtual machine that if we try to open this one like that.
So a model can connect to this virtual machine as you just here we have four users connect to the sim
virtual machine like this one and this one right.
As you see to use it from being Walkstation and to from do web browser.
So the idea here that we can connect to this virtual machine for the console or for the user for example
1 and 2.
So we can connect up to 14 consoles to this virtual machine.
So if we try to edit the seating again so if all balks at the option right again then if you want to
limit the number of connection to this virtual machine we need to support our virtual machine then we
change it to one or two Macsyma station.
They don't have the VM where the truth is you chose the option or just put on.
Of course we need to part of the virtual machine to be able to choose that option.
So a click but what often gets quickly OK.
So the virtual machine will be powered off.
But is it not if we chose it it is sitting for the VM option.
Like that.
No we have the option to change the number.
We can change it to.
For example one station or for example to look the operating system when the lustrum would use are disconnected.
I'd say that they we have a VM where we can change this bottom from shut down the power of or from the
default it's shutdown Dienste response.
If you want to stand or suspend guest or the default is to spend then power on this option.
There's not a lot will to change it because by default this option meaning our own then we have to restart
all eristic rested the virtual machine as Minya power off then your power on the restart will be shut
down then power on the rest it would be powered off.
Then I'll work on them when we're to script after power and on after resuming before it is pending before
shutdown etc..
So you enable or disable some option or the VM Ware tool to upgrade check and upgrade VM which will
be before each arm on this option that's me will try to upgrade which will every time you power on your
machine but this is not recommended the entire time.
Synchronises gets time to host.
If you want to psychoanalyzed time of this virtual machine we host as we did we do Isak's I host.